14:33:45 <RRSAgent> RRSAgent has joined #did
14:33:45 <RRSAgent> logging to https://www.w3.org/2021/05/04-did-irc
14:33:48 <Zakim> RRSAgent, make logs Public
14:33:48 <Zakim> please title this meeting ("meeting: ..."), ivan
14:33:53 <ivan> Meeting: DID WG Telco
14:33:54 <ivan> Chair: brent
14:33:54 <ivan> Date: 2021-05-04
14:33:54 <ivan> Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-did-wg/2021Apr/0040.html
14:33:54 <ivan> ivan has changed the topic to: Meeting Agenda 2021-05-04: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-did-wg/2021Apr/0040.html
14:53:51 <brent> brent has joined #did
15:00:36 <ivan> present+
15:01:00 <ivan> present+ cel
15:02:30 <brent> present+
15:02:33 <justin_r> present+
15:04:42 <drummond> drummond has joined #did
15:05:00 <cel> scribe: cel
15:07:14 <brent> Topic: sliding
15:05:00 <cel> slideset: ./tpac.pdf
15:11:24 <cel> brent: Chair things.
15:12:18 <cel> ... What this means for group is need to decide what to do with the CBOR section.
15:12:42 <burn> [slide 1]
15:13:27 <cel> ... I outline all of this to make very clear that communication has been clear, and that all efforts have been made, as chairs and editorial staff, to encourage the writing of these tests.
15:07:14 <brent> -> Testing the URL part to see if that works https://www.w3.org
15:07:14 <brent> -> https://www.example.org Test also the Ralph style work
15:13:32 <ivan> [slide 6]
15:05:00 <cel> slideset: -> http://localhost:8001/2018/Talks/Frankfurt-IH/Presentation.pdf My own presentation
15:13:27 <cel> ... I outline all of this to make very clear that communication has been clear, and that all efforts have been made, as chairs and editorial staff, to encourage the writing of these tests.
15:13:32 <ivan> [slide 3]

