14:33:45 <RRSAgent> RRSAgent has joined #did
14:33:45 <RRSAgent> logging to https://www.w3.org/2021/05/04-did-irc
14:33:48 <Zakim> RRSAgent, make logs Public
14:33:48 <Zakim> please title this meeting ("meeting: ..."), ivan
14:33:53 <ivan> Meeting: DID WG Telco
14:33:54 <ivan> Chair: brent
14:33:54 <ivan> Date: 2021-05-04
14:33:54 <ivan> Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-did-wg/2021Apr/0040.html
14:33:54 <ivan> ivan has changed the topic to: Meeting Agenda 2021-05-04: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-did-wg/2021Apr/0040.html
14:53:51 <brent> brent has joined #did
15:00:36 <ivan> present+
15:01:00 <ivan> present+ cel
15:02:30 <brent> present+
15:02:33 <justin_r> present+
15:04:42 <drummond> drummond has joined #did
15:05:00 <cel> scribe: cel
15:07:14 <brent> Topic: @issue did-test-suite#28
15:11:24 <cel> brent: Chair things.
15:11:36 <cel> brent: On the 13th of April, the chairs set a deadline for tests to be written.
15:12:06 <cel> ... for the end of April - and stated at that time that any normative statements that were untestable because no tests were written, would have to be removed from the specification.
15:12:18 <cel> ... What this means for group is need to decide what to do with the CBOR section.
15:12:27 <cel> ... Issue where CBOR production/consumption rules discussed [at a meeting in April](https://www.w3.org/2019/did-wg/Meetings/Minutes/2021-04-13-did#section4)
15:12:42 <burn> burn has joined #did
15:12:46 <cel> ... It is clear from those comments that the concerned parties were aware of the need for tests to be written. There was also a [special topic call on the 8th of April](https://www.w3.org/2019/did-wg/Meetings/Minutes/2021-04-08-did-topic)
15:12:57 <cel> ... that focused primarily on the CBOR section and how to test it, with concerned parties.
15:13:27 <cel> ... I outline all of this to make very clear that communication has been clear, and that all efforts have been made, as chairs and editorial staff, to encourage the writing of these tests.
15:13:32 <ivan> present+ burn
15:33:38 <brent> Topic: Pull Requests https://github.com/w3c/did-core/pulls
15:37:30 <cel> brent: Is there an editor who would like to run through the PRs. or the chairs to do it?
15:37:14 <manu> q+
15:37:44 <brent> subtopic: Updating figure 2 to include example values @pr 727
15:37:44 <ivan> q+
15:37:50 <brent> ack manu
15:37:50 <ivan> q-
15:37:50 <cel> manu: PR: simple update to the diagram that shigeya is doing on behalf of someone else who did a full review of the spec.
15:38:04 <cel> ... Their review came back with nothing really wrong.
15:38:17 <cel> ... PR is editorial. If you have opinion on the diagram label, please take a look.
15:44:55 <brent> Topic: DID Core issues
15:45:03 <brent> https://github.com/w3c/did-core/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+sort%3Aupdated-asc+-label%3Adefer-v2
15:45:08 <burn> q+
15:45:15 <brent> ack burn
15:46:20 <cel> brent: 11 open issues.
15:46:32 <brent> subtopic: @issue 583
15:46:52 <manu> q+ to make a general statement about open issues.
15:47:01 <brent> ack manu
15:47:01 <Zakim> manu, you wanted to make a general statement about open issues.
15:47:03 <cel> ... There has been a bit of conversation. Need a PR to fix issue.
15:47:24 <cel> manu: General statement: I triaged issue this past weekend, marked everything that was a CR comment. Marked anything ready for a PR as ready for PR.
15:47:33 <cel> ... Almost every one except 2 or 3 are ready for PR.
15:49:41 <brent> subtopic: @issue 707
15:50:05 <cel> brent: I know that some changes have come in as a result of this. What more needs to happen?
15:50:20 <manu> -> comment on the things to do https://github.com/w3c/did-core/issues/707#issuecomment-826382717
15:50:21 <cel> manu: I proposed for the `publicKeyMultibase` stuff a path forward in this link
15:50:47 <cel> ... It looks like folks want to use `publicKeyMultibase` instead of `publicKeyBase58`. We do have an at-risk marker that this may be done.
15:51:11 <cel> ... One thing could do: update examples. Already have in did-spec-registries, but could add note.
15:51:22 <cel> ... Add to registries, update material in spec.
15:51:29 <cel> ... Not normative.
15:51:32 <ivan> q+
15:58:15 <cel> manu: I believe it does.
15:58:37 <cel> ... It has instructions. If you are an implementor, this is how to submit your implementations. ... It should be straightforward and easy.
15:58:45 <cel> ... Others have done it, without the instructions.
15:59:06 <cel> burn: It's short... Anyone who is aware of the work should be able to follow and understand this.
15:59:11 <cel> ... The chairs will take that as an action.
15:59:18 <cel> brent: Thank you everyone.
15:59:37 <ivan> rrsagent, draft minutes
15:59:37 <RRSAgent> I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2021/05/04-did-minutes.html ivan
16:00:18 <burn> s/Anyone who is aware/The hope is that anyone who is aware/
16:00:25 <burn> rrsagent, draft minutes
16:00:25 <RRSAgent> I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2021/05/04-did-minutes.html burn
