---
layout: minutes
date: 2019-04-23
title: Publishing Business Group Telco — 2019-04-23
---

# Publishing Business Group Telco — Minutes
{: .no_toc}



**Date:** 2019-04-23

See also the [Agenda](https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-publishingbg/2019Apr/0022.html) and the [IRC Log](https://www.w3.org/2019/04/23-pbg-irc.txt)

## Attendees
{: .no_toc}
**Present:** Luc Audrain, Wolfgang Schindler, Jonathan Greenberg, Ivan Herman, Wendy Reid, Avneesh Singh, Rachel Comerford, Jeff Jaffe, George Kerscher, Garth Conboy, Julie Blair, David Stroup

**Regrets:** Tzviya Siegman, Daihei Shiohama (塩濱大平), Karen Myers, Liisa McCloy-Kelley, Dave Cramer

**Guests:** 

**Chair:** Luc Audrain

**Scribe(s):** Rachel Comerford

## Content:
{: .no_toc}

* TOC
{:toc}
---


### 1. event calendar
{: #section1}

**Luc Audrain:** we are ready to add events of interest to the event calendar  

### 2. EPUB 3.2 status update
{: #section2}

**Luc Audrain:** epub 3.2 has been finalized by the community group  

**Rachel Comerford:** we have received nothing but +1's in votes  

**Luc Audrain:** the official count is 36 +1 and no -1 or abstain  
… voting ends tomorrow  
… the CG is confident this will be adopted  
… after this call we will launch a call for consensus in the PBG  
… there is still an issue in patent commitments  
… it can be done on the fly next week without disturbing the vote of the PBG  

> *Ivan Herman:* -> Final specification agreement: [https://www.w3.org/community/about/agreements/final/](https://www.w3.org/community/about/agreements/final/)

**Jeff Jaffe:** the nature of the rec track is that you are committed to the patent commitment, as a part of the CG you are only committed to individual level (not organizational level)  
… in the SC meeting we agreed that we would attempt to get organizational level commitment but that this would not impede the movement forward  

> *Garth Conboy:* CLA: https://www.w3.org/community/about/agreements/cla/

> *Garth Conboy:* FSA: https://www.w3.org/community/about/agreements/final/

> *Jeff Jaffe:* FSA summary: https://www.w3.org/community/about/agreements/summary/

**Garth Conboy:** my understanding is that you can acknowledge agreement with the FSA after  
… (garth provides more caveats than the scribe can keep track of including references to elicit substances and suggestions that he should be ignored entirely)  

**Luc Audrain:** many thanks to CG for the work on 3.2  

> ***Resolution #1: epub3.2 to be sent for vote to PBG***
{: #resolution1 .resolution}

### 3. epubcheck 4.2
{: #section3}

**Luc Audrain:** epubcheck 4.2.0 is ready. The release candidate was released a month ago.  
… a small addition from the spec was implemented and tested  
… the translations are ready  
… we are ready to announce  
… thank you to the daisy consortium for this work  

> *Ivan Herman:* clap clap to Avneesh, George, Romain, and all the Daisy Consortium people...

> *Dave Cramer:* Romain!

> *Rachel Comerford:* Avneesh Singh and George Kerscher: many thanks to all the contributors!

### 4. communication
{: #section4}

**Luc Audrain:** we need to be aggressive in communication about epub 3.2 and epubcheck 4.2.0  
… one part of this is testimonials  
… we need this from companies big and small from around the world  

> *Ivan Herman:* -> communication plan: [https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Uh4FE6fkHHrtCzrlxleH7NxYEuWlixZkG2zSjsaVms0/edit#gid=0](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Uh4FE6fkHHrtCzrlxleH7NxYEuWlixZkG2zSjsaVms0/edit#gid=0)

**Ivan Herman:** send your testimonials to me with the name of the person from your company signing off on it along with their title  
… testimonials can come in any language  

**Rachel Comerford:** what is a testimonial? Is it bigger than a bread box?  

**Luc Audrain:** are there samples?  

> *Ivan Herman:* example testimonials in the PR for W3C and FIDO alliance: [https://www.w3.org/2019/03/pressrelease-webauthn-rec.html.en](https://www.w3.org/2019/03/pressrelease-webauthn-rec.html.en)

### 5. Fundraising
{: #section5}

**Luc Audrain:** we recently got the t-shirt money - $630  
… we can pay for the next milestone  
… the next phases still need to be funded  

**George Kerscher:** we should divide and concur the remaining companies that should be contributing  

**Luc Audrain:** I've been approaching Apple  

**George Kerscher:** can we approach the AC reps via the ac-forum mailing list?  

**Ivan Herman:** coralie or karen could comment on whether contacting the AC would be appropriate  

**Jeff Jaffe:** I think it would be okay to contact the AC  

> *Luc Audrain:* thanks Rachel

**George Kerscher:** so we send an email to the AC list, announce our success and have a lightweight fundraising appeal  

**Luc Audrain:** reminder of boston face to face meeting and that we should continue communication to our groups  

> *Rachel Comerford:* action item: laudrain launches vote for epub3.2

> *Rachel Comerford:* action item: daihei relays vote for 3.2 to Asian publishing community

> *Rachel Comerford:* action item: laudrain sends email call for testimonials

> *Rachel Comerford:* action item: dauwhe (?) and garth pursuing patent commitments (follow up needed)

---


### 6. Resolutions
{: #res}

* [Resolution #1](#resolution1): epub3.2 to be sent for vote to PBG